# Faveod customers

This application is a just a mini-application which was requested as part of an interview process. It basically allows to fetch a list of customers or a specific customer using its name using SOAP

## Dependencies

* Rails 3.x
* PostgreSQL

## Precisions

The application uses [wash_out](https://github.com/roundlake/wash_out) to provide the different SOAP actions. Those were then tested using Savon (more on this below).

## Usage

Clone the repository and run the following commands:

```
$ bundle update
$ createuser -s faveod
$ rake db:create
$ rake db:migrate
```

Now it's time to create some records either manually or using the rails console. Once you're done run the following:

```
$ bundle exec unicorn_rails -p 3000
```

Rails server should be running using unicorn now all you have to do is perform SOAP requests using some clients, you can use [Savon](http://savonrb.com/) for Ruby.

## License

Copyright (c) 2012 Félix Bellanger <felix.bellanger@gmail.com>

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
